Update backward-compatibility agent guidelines (#5700)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: AGENTS.md

**As a consumer of upstream WooCommerce contracts.** This plugin implements upstream WooCommerce interfaces — notably `Automattic\WooCommerce\Internal\ProductFeed\Feed\FeedInterface` (see `includes/agentic-commerce/`). The `Internal` namespace is **not** a stability guarantee: WooCommerce can change these contracts, and doing so is exactly what broke this plugin when WC 10.9.0 added a required `get_entry_count()` to `FeedInterface` and older Stripe versions fataled on load. When implementing an upstream interface, keep the implementation compatible with the supported WC range (L, L-1, L-2) and guard against upstream contract changes rather than assuming the interface is frozen. See `includes/agentic-commerce/AGENTS.md`.

### The compatibility surface is wider than PHP signatures

WordPress exposes more contracts than class and function signatures. The following are equally binding: a change to any of them is **high-risk** and requires the same backward-compatibility impact statement in the PR description.

> **Hooks and filters are public contracts.** Every `do_action` and `apply_filters` call in this plugin — the `wc_stripe_*` and `woocommerce_stripe_*` families — is an interface third-party callbacks depend on. Removing a hook, renaming it, or removing/reordering its arguments breaks every attached callback. Changing *when* or *whether* a hook fires breaks consumers just as surely: a filter that still fires on classic checkout but no longer fires on the Blocks path is a silent breakage for every store on that path. Additive is the safe path — append new arguments at the end, never remove or reorder existing ones. To retire a hook, fire it through `do_action_deprecated()` / `apply_filters_deprecated()` for a deprecation window instead of deleting it; the `woocommerce_stripe_*` → `wc_stripe_*` renames did exactly this (see `WC_Stripe_API::request()` and `WC_Stripe_Webhook_Handler::process_webhook_payment()`).

Reviewer: super nit: the examples are helpful, just a very minor suggestion to link the example for the filters and actions separately. 

In case it's hard to see the diffs, they are after
```
To retire a hook, fire it through `do_action_deprecated()` / `apply_filters_deprecated()` for a deprecation window instead of deleting it
```
 
```suggestion
**Hooks and filters are public contracts.** Every `do_action` and `apply_filters` call in this plugin — the `wc_stripe_*` and `woocommerce_stripe_*` families — is an interface third-party callbacks depend on. Removing a hook, renaming it, or removing/reordering its arguments breaks every attached callback. Changing *when* or *whether* a hook fires breaks consumers just as surely: a filter that still fires on classic checkout but no longer fires on the Blocks path is a silent breakage for every store on that path. Additive is the safe path — append new arguments at the end, never remove or reorder existing ones. To retire a hook, fire it through `do_action_deprecated()` / `apply_filters_deprecated()` for a deprecation window instead of deleting it. For example, `WC_Stripe_API::request()` preserves the old `woocommerce_stripe_*` request filters while pointing to `wc_stripe_*` replacements, and `WC_Stripe_Webhook_Handler::process_webhook_payment()` preserves an old `wc_gateway_stripe_*` action while pointing to its replacement.
```

Author: Thanks!
